[Julia] Add concept exercise: fibonacci-iterator (#2764)
exercism/v3: languages/julia/exercises/concept/fibonacci-iterator/.docs/hints.md

## General

## 3. Define the optional methods that make `collect` work

> - Try finding out which methods you need to implement by running `collect(Fib(10))` in the REPL and inferring it from the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Work out which methods you need to implement by running `collect(Fib(10))` in the REPL and reading the error messages carefully.
```

?
